About Us

HiBob helps modern, mid-size businesses transform the way they manage people, giving HR and managers all they need to connect, engage, develop, and retain top talent. Since 2015, we've achieved consecutive triple-digit year-over-year growth, all backed by our amazing team of Bobbers from across the globe, making us the choice HRIS of over 4000 midsize and multinational companies.

Our HR platform is intuitive, data-driven, and built for the way people work today: globally, remotely, and collaboratively. Fast-growing companies across the globe such as Go Cardless, Happy Socks, Fiverr, and VaynerMedia rely upon Bob to help them create the best work experiences for their people.

Come and be you with us

Being a Bobber is all about being you. We want you to bring all parts of yourself to work, giving you the freedom and confidence to be the best you and do your best work. If that's bubbly, shy, precise, funny, bold, kind, honest, brilliant, or anything in between, we're waiting with open arms. Come join us.

As a Product Manager at HiBob, you'll take part in building our innovative Payroll product, contributing to HiBob's reputation for delivering world-class solutions that modernize HR. You are energized by the challenge of creating new products from the ground up, have a strong product sense, and understand how to leverage data to tell compelling stories. Your experience in fast-paced, collaborative environments will allow you to drive initiatives that ensure compliance, efficiency, and a seamless user experience.

What will you do?

Write requirements for new product features and enhancements, and leading the software development lifecycle through the stages of development, QA, UAT, Beta and Go Live

Collaborate with partners in Engineering and Product Design throughout the software development lifecycle

Leverage data through user research and analyzing market trends to determine prioritization of the product roadmap

Contribute to and manage the product roadmap for your team

Track success metrics of each project to determine company and client impact

Partner with Sales and Client Success teams to strategise on opportunities for new business development and client retention

Roll up your sleeves and get the work done, with complexity and at scale

Job Requirements

Direct or indirect payroll experience required. If you haven't built payroll products, we will consider candidates who can demonstrate they are able to learn fast and have working appreciation of the complexities of payroll.

Demonstrable Product Management experience with building, shipping, and iterating on products.

Has built highly impactful features and has good product sense. Has a natural bias towards execution.

Ability to go deep in the problem and the domain in order to know what and how to build.

Hard work ethic...You're going to be surrounded by people who genuinely work hard and care about their customers and will do whatever it takes to retain, grow and delight their users.

Strong written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to communicate with both technical and non-technical audiences.

Excellent time management, project management, prioritization, and sense of ownership skills.

Experience working with the Agile methodology of software development.

Experience with cross functional teams, including collaborating with partners in Engineering, Product Design, Product Marketing, Sales, and Customer Success.

Appreciation of the intersection between compliance and delighting users.

Ability to digest client feedback and determine appropriate action items.

Familiarity with HR, Payroll, and Benefits Systems (ADP, Workday, Rippling, Gusto, etc) is a bonus, not a requirement.

Job Responsibilities

Write requirements for new product features and enhancements, and leading the software development lifecycle through the stages of development, QA, UAT, Beta and Go Live

Collaborate with partners in Engineering and Product Design throughout the software development lifecycle

Leverage data through user research and analyzing market trends to determine prioritization of the product roadmap

Contribute to and manage the product roadmap for your team

Track success metrics of each project to determine company and client impact

Partner with Sales and Client Success teams to strategise on opportunities for new business development and client retention

Roll up your sleeves and get the work done, with complexity and at scale
